my favorite thing about the venue was
the cars and antique cars when the
bridal party came in the finished part
of it was just it was just to me it was
the highlight it was just something so
very unusual and it made the whole page
initially normally weddings are you know
at least for me and I think most guys
kind of boring that this place there's
you know there's so much I can do for
the guys to look at all the vintage cars
all the nostalgic things displayed all
throughout the facility I mean there's
just you could spend hours and you're
just looking around say definitely guys
are not all of it the cars are beautiful
the grounds are beautiful
Amber's wonderful she does everything
you need I'm thoroughly it hasn't been
stressful when I spent with simple
pleasures I believe was well worth the
money I mean there was a lot there we
did we chose the package with ulemas
included vintage cars photography was
also included if we would have broken
all those items out somewhere else I
think it would have spent a lot more I
think it was a good value the grand the
car the waterfall the birds it's all
cool just made it really easy they have
been wonderful
you